modules/terminal/README.md, before:

Terminal
========

Sets terminal window and tab titles.

Settings
--------

### Auto-Title

To auto set the terminal window and tab titles with the current command or
directory, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal' auto-title 'yes'

Auto titling is disabled inside terminal multiplexers, except inside dvtm, since
it interferes with window names defined in configuration files and profile
managers.

To format terminal window and tab titles, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:window-title' format '%n@%m: %s'
    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:tab-title' format '%m: %s'

`%s` will be replaced with the current working directory path or the currently
executing program name.

For a list of sequences, see [Expansion of Prompt Sequences][1].

Functions
---------

- `set-tab-title` sets the terminal tab title.
- `set-window-title` sets the terminal or terminal multiplexer window title.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][2].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)

[1]: http://zsh.sourceforge.net/Doc/Release/Prompt-Expansion.html#Expansion-of-Prompt-Sequences
[2]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues

Commit message:

Improve and simplify titling functions.
Multiplexer titles can be set independent of window and tab titles.
Add auto-title always option to have dynamic titling inside terminal
multiplexers. Setting auto-title to yes continues to ignore dynamic
titling inside terminal multiplexers.

This patch should not alter behavior under Apple terminals.

modules/terminal/README.md, after:

Terminal
========

Sets terminal window and tab titles.

Settings
--------

### Auto-Title

To auto set the terminal window and tab titles with the current command or
directory, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal' auto-title 'yes'

Auto titling is disabled inside terminal multiplexers (except inside dvtm)
since it interferes with window names defined in configuration files and
profile managers. This can be overridden by setting it to `always`.

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal' auto-title 'always'

### Title formats

To format terminal window and tab titles, add the following to *zpreztorc*:

    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:window-title' format '%n@%m: %s'
    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:tab-title' format '%m: %s'
    zstyle ':prezto:module:terminal:multiplexer-title' format '%s'

`%s` will be replaced with the current working directory path or the currently
executing program name.

For a list of sequences, see [Expansion of Prompt Sequences][1].

Functions
---------

- `set-tab-title` sets the terminal tab title.
- `set-window-title` sets the terminal window title.
- `set-multiplexer-title` sets the terminal multiplexer title.

Authors
-------

*The authors of this module should be contacted via the [issue tracker][2].*

  - [Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu)
  - [Olaf Conradi](https://github.com/oohlaf)

[1]: http://zsh.sourceforge.net/Doc/Release/Prompt-Expansion.html#Expansion-of-Prompt-Sequences
[2]: https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto/issues
